So now let's say that V.M. one wants to ping V.M. till Let's walk through what happens.
So here we see the ping that's being generated by V.M. one in orange the far left we see the destination
IP is 192 out 168 not 1 not 11 and VM one has a guest operating system.
And let's just assume that within that guest operating system the ARP table already has an entry.
So the ARP table a VM one has an entry that maps this IP address to this MAC address so we don't need
to do on our request right now in a couple of slides I'll walk you through what happens if we do need
to do in our request but for the sake of this particular example let's say that VM one already has that
table entry.
OK so VM one generates this ping destined for VM to
now when that traffic hits the tab the tab is going to do on a Mac table look up to determine which
tab is Mac to associated with.
And in this case Mac 2 was associated with the tap on this second host be tapped to
so Mac to is associate with 10 not one not one of 11.
That's the Wii.
So what we tap one will do is it will now take that original frame it will encapsulate it within a new
set of our headers and it will send that frame towards V tap to.
And when we have to receive it it'll be the job of the top to to d capsulized that frame and remove
all of those headers that were created.
Those outer Hadash and past the frame along to a logical switch V and five thousand one so that it can
eventually reach the M2.
Now how does this sending VTM determine how to get that frame from the tap one to tap to the sending
the tap new the IP address destination of that V tap.
But it's going to need to know the MAC address as well.
And because what we have here is Alair to network and it needs to know which MAC address for this frame.
That's the purpose of the V tap table.
The tap table contains IP to MAC address mappings for all of Arvie taps.
Now let's shift gears a little bit and think about a different situation in which VM one wants to ping
a virtual machine called VM five.
And in this case let's assume that VM one does not know the destination MAC of the amphi.
Or maybe it knows the IP address but it doesn't know the destination MAC.
So what happens in this scenario are we see both of these SMS are on the same network.
We can see that their IP addresses are in the same range.
So there's no default gateway or routing involved here.
So if VM one wants to discover the MAC address of VM five it's going to have to issue an op request
and ARP request is a layer to broadcast so broadcasts are not really desirable.
Right.
We've got all of these other virtual machines that are part of this network as well.
And they're not involved in this communication.
But when VM one tries to discover the MAC address of VM five it's going to issue a broadcast and that
broadcast is going to hit the physical switch.
And a copy of it is going to be transmitted to every single virtual machine regardless of which one
is actually the true destination until one of these victims actually responds says yes I see that's
my MAC address.
Here is my IP address.
That's how an op request works.
So this is a broadcast and broadcasts are not desirable because it creates a lot of traffic so ideally
we'd like to suppress as many our requests as we possibly can.
And that's where the ARP table of the NSX controller can help us.
So here we see another example.
VM one wants to ping VM to and we can see in our little orange box on the left that VM one knows the
destination IP but it does not know the destination MAC and therefore it must issue our request to discover
that MAC address.
So here goes.
V.M. one issuing this broadcast this ARP request.
But in this case the V tap is going to see that broadcast ARP requests and rather than broadcasting
it to everything connected to this logical switch with the Wii tap will do is it will intercept the
request and prior to broadcasting it it'll queery the NSX controller to see if the NSX controller has
an ARP table entry to match that IP address.
And if it does the NSX controller will fulfill that request without a broadcast ever occurring.
So now that the ARP request has been fulfilled.
Now virtual machine one is able to populate its own local ARP table in the guest operating system and
for all future communications it'll be aware of the IP to MAC address mapping of VM to.
So now we've talked about some of the things that the NSX controller does.
Let's talk about how the NSX controller cluster is deployed will use NSX manager.
NSX manager always has to be set up first.
So when we're creating an NSX deployment we'll get ex-manager up and running.
Integrate it with the center will register with a V Center server and will then use the VSE for web
client to deploy the NSX controller cluster nodes and NSX Mandar has the required over Yeff template
which we're going to use to deploy these virtual appliances from every NSX controller cluster should
have three notes.
So there's going to be three virtual appliances that are part of our NSX controller cluster.
You don't want more.
You don't want less This is a universal standard that V.M. war has identified as the best practice for
NSX controller Klosters they should always have three notes and part of the NSX controller costs or
is this user world agent.
Things like are are up and Mac and V-Tech tables are all going to be updated by this user world engine
that runs on the ESX hosts and when we do host preparation one of the things that the NSX manager is
going to do is it's actually going to enable the excellent capabilities it's going to establish that
the taps on the ESX hosts and as our virtual machines are connected to logical switches the user world
agent tracks changes to the Mac ARP and V-Tech tables.
And it uses those reports that we looked at in the earlier slides to keep that NSX controller cluster
up to date.
Now all communications between the NSX controller cluster and the ESX hosts are encrypted.
It runs as a demon on the host called CPA.
That's my user agent
and the user agent is not used to manage the distributed firewall so the user road agent is used for
communications between the host and the NSX controller.
Kloster the distributed firewall is managed by NSX manager and it uses a different daemon called vs
AF W.D. And so just that's an important thing to keep straight for the VCP if you're planning on taking
the VCP exam the NSX manager directly manages the distributed firewall and the user wrold agent is not
used for that.
All right so in review the NSX controllers part of the control plane no actual virtual machine traffic
flows through the NSX controller.
We wanna deploy three NSX controller nodes as part of our cluster.
That's the only supported configuration will have one and OSX controller cluster for each.
And OS X manager instance in our NSX controller closter and we'll see a little bit more of this as we
go through the rest of the videos.
But one of our NSX controller cluster nodes will be established as a master for each role.
And like I said we'll take a closer look at that as we move throughout the video in upcoming videos.
We'll also look at a mechanism called slicing that's used to distribute workload across those three
NSX controller nodes.
So stay tuned for that.